Add "Process Card Payments" guide (#104)
Basis-Theory/developers.basistheory.com: docs/guides/share/process-card-payments.mdx

import Tabs from "@theme/Tabs";
import TabItem from "@theme/TabItem";

import { Alert } from "@site/src/components/shared/Alert";
import GettingStartedSection from "@site/src/components/docs/_getting-started-section.mdx";

# Process Card Payments

> Storing your customers' cards with Basis Theory platform grants you the ability to seamlessly shift between payment processors and give you competitive advantages including payment flexibility, reliability, cost savings, increased acceptance rates and future-proofing your business in case of processor shutdown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Storing your customers' cards with Basis Theory platform grants you the ability to seamlessly shift between payment processors giving you competitive advantages including payment flexibility, reliability, cost savings, increased acceptance rates, and future-proofing your business for future use-cases and processor downtime or shutdown.
```

Author: Accepted, besides the double use of "future"

> This guide will explore how to forward stored cardholder data to any third party API endpoint, with minimal configuration requirements. By following the steps presented below, you are substantially de-scoping your servers and database from PCI DSS compliance. If you want to learn more how we can help you meet up to 95% of the PCI requirements, or if you need help filling out your SAQ, [reach out to our team](https://basistheory.com/contact)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will explore how to forward stored cardholder data to any third-party API endpoint, with minimal configuration requirements. By following the steps presented below, you are substantially de-scoping your servers and database from PCI DSS compliance. If you want to learn more about how we can help you meet up to 95% of the PCI requirements or if you need help filling out your SAQ, [reach out to our team](https://basistheory.com/contact)!
```

[![Charge Stored Cards](/img/guides/share/charge-stored-cards-flowchart.png)](https://mermaid.live/edit#pako:eNpdUctOwzAQ_BVrT1RKSvNuckAqICQkkCpacSDpYalNY5HYkeMApeq_s0kfAnzx7Hh2Z-TdwVpzARm4rlsoK20lMnZTotkItrDaCM5u0PCW3VX6c028LdQgfTvV7OGpUIxOK8yHMPliuNisaSq5Riu1Wh3eA8Mb0m9zAmzeo9XvRkZTYY7bSiNn7POSLfW7UBftqOizXTFs5EFO4I-WpH3EUlecpnC02Hdcnf2OJt3rxmBTMsmFx_JrbGXLlqXQ5hSD5uaz-f2x-sCusvnFc3-NfnOu-8-NvM7ZhOLgQC1MjZLTr-56ugBbiloUkBHkaN4LKNSedNhZvdiqNWTWdMKBrqF54lYiJa0he8OqJbZBBdkOviBLxmkY-2ns-dM4SBIHtpC5wdjz_SgO09CPwsiLwr0D31pTvzeeJFGa-t5kmsZxEkw8BwSXtNXHw86H1Q8GL0PDYLj_AYXeqCw)

If you are not yet storing your customers' cards with Basis Theory, here are a few guides you can explore:

- [Collect Cards](/docs/guides/collect/collect-cards) - capture cards in the frontend;
- [Receive Cards](/docs/guides/share/reveal-data-from-third-party) - receive cards in API requests;

> - [Import from a Database](/docs/blueprints/migrations/import-from-database) - migrate to Basis Theory.

Reviewer: do you think it'll be confusing if they get to this one and it's only about SSNs?

Author: It is basically a placeholder for when the Migrate from Vendors guide is available. Even though it doesn't show cards migration at this point, it can start the conversation in case they need to migrate from their database.

[//]: # (Replace #2 link above with "Receive Cards" when the guide is available)
[//]: # (Replace #3 link above with "Migrating from a Payments Processor" when the guide is available)

## Getting Started

<GettingStartedSection />

### Creating a Private Application

> Next you will need you'll need a [Private Application](/docs/api/applications) using our PCI-compliant template `Use PCI Tokens`. [Click here to create one.](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=31efed55-035c-4b49-b1a1-609a728d91ce)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, you will need a [Private Application](/docs/api/applications) using our PCI-compliant template `Use PCI Tokens`. [Click here to create one.](https://portal.basistheory.com/applications/create?application_template_id=31efed55-035c-4b49-b1a1-609a728d91ce)
```

This will create an application with the following [Access Controls](/docs/concepts/access-controls):
* Permissions: `token:use`
* Containers: `/pci/`
* Transform: `reveal`

<Alert>
  Save the API Key from the created Private Application as it will be used in the next steps of this guide.
</Alert>

## Send the Data

> We will use Basis Theory [Ephemeral Proxy](/docs/api/proxies/ephemeral-proxy) to detokenize the cardholder data internally and share to the Payments Processor or Acquirer API. To do this, we will formulate our HTTPS request as if we were directly connecting to the target endpoint, with the following variations:

Reviewer: > to detokenize the cardholder data internally and share

trying to think of a different way to state this. It kinda reads as if "internally" is their system although you mean ours. Maybe:

> We will use Basis Theory [Ephemeral Proxy](/docs/api/proxies/ephemeral-proxy) which will detokenize the cardholder data and share to..

do you think that is clear enough for them to know the detokenization happens in the proxy and wont touch their systems?

Author: Yea, that sounds more adequate

Author: What about this?

> We will use Basis Theory [Ephemeral Proxy](/docs/api/proxies/ephemeral-proxy), a tool that transparently  detokenizes sensitive data, to share to the Payments Processor or Acquirer API.

Author: I feel like step #4 on the next paragraph covers this. Thanks!

-d '{
  "card": {
    // highlight-start
    "accountNumber": "{{ d2cbc1b4-5c3a-45a3-9ee2-392a1c475ab4 | json: \"$.number\" }}",
    "expirationDate": "{{ d2cbc1b4-5c3a-45a3-9ee2-392a1c475ab4 | json: \"$.expiration_year\" }}{{ d2cbc1b4-5c3a-45a3-9ee2-392a1c475ab4 | json: \"$.expiration_month\" | pad_left: 2, \"0\" }}"
    // highlight-end
  },
  "owner": {
    "name": {
      "first": "John",
      "last": "Smith"
    },
    "address": {
      "line1": "123 Main St",
      "city": "Tampa",
      "state": "FL",
      "zipcode": "33601"
    }
  },
  "referenceID": "reference_123"
}'
```

[TabaPay Account Docs](https://developers.tabapay.com/reference/accountcreate)
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Key Considerations

**You are not restricted** to the Payment Processors listed above. As long as your partner can accept cards through an API endpoint, you can invoke it using the Ephemeral Proxy.

If you find that the HTTPS response from your processor contains cardholder data, you can use a [Pre-Configured Proxy](/docs/api/proxies/pre-configured-proxies) to redact or tokenize the sensitive data points using a [Response Transform](/docs/api/proxies/pre-configured-proxies#response-transforms).

> Some acquirers only accept inbound connections from whitelisted IP addresses. [Here](/docs/api/ip-addresses) you can find our full list. Basis Theory can also provide dedicated IPs for the more restrictive integrations. [Contact us](https://basistheory.com/contact) if you are interested.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Just remove the whole sentence?

Author: Oh snap yea. Good call

It's important to note that for some acquirers, inbound connections are only accepted from whitelisted IP addresses provided by the client. To help with this, [here](/docs/api/ip-addresses) you can find a compiled list of our IP addresses that you can send to your acquirer. In cases of more restrictive integrations, Basis Theory can provide dedicated IPs upon request. If you're interested in this option, please don't hesitate to [contact us](https://basistheory.com/contact).

> During testing phase, make sure to create tokens using test cards documented by your payment processor, following the desired test scenario. Passing incorrect cards to test/sandbox endpoints may lead to rejected hard-to-debug transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During testing phase, make sure to create tokens using test cards documented by your payment processor, following the desired test scenario. Passing incorrect cards to test/sandbox endpoints may lead to hard-to-debug rejected transactions.
```

## Conclusion

> By using this solution, you can confidently transmit cardholder data to Payment Processors via API requests without ever touching the sensitive information yourself. This approach not only improves security and reduces compliance risks but also provides the flexibility to establish your own relationships with Payment Processors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By using our Ephemeral Proxy, you can confidently transmit cardholder data to Payment Processors via API requests without ever touching the card details yourself. This approach not only improves security and reduces compliance risks while providing flexibility to establish your own relationships with Payment Processors and the latest payment technologies.
```

Author: "Not only" requires some opposing conjunction, like "but also".

Reviewer: good call. To be honest, I personally avoid the word "but" as it sounds reductive vs additive. Honestly, though, it probably doesn't matter in our docs - out of habit I just see it and change it at this point 

I updated it to remove that. Feel free to change however you need!

> 
> With the Ephemeral Proxy, you can work with a broad range of processors and leverage the latest payment technologies, all while adhering to industry best practices. We hope this integration guide has been informative and helpful, and we welcome your feedback and questions as you continue to use our product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

combined this above to see what you thought since it seemed very similar!
